narrator: the headline — stock tailscale clients joining our plane.
narrator: the harness builds octravpn-node for linux containers.
narrator: cargo build runs cold the first time; warm runs are seconds.
narrator: each compile artifact lands in target/linux-debug.
narrator: docker compose brings up mesh-control plus a derp sidecar.
narrator: two stock tailscale peers boot, named tsi-peer-a and -b.
narrator: the harness mints a preauth key via the CLI surface.
narrator: both peers run tailscale up against our control plane URL.
narrator: the IP plane converges — peer-a and peer-b see each other.
narrator: tailscale ping rides the encrypted WireGuard tunnel.
narrator: the script asserts a successful ping round trip.
narrator: exit zero — stock tailscale just paid an operator on Octra.